FAQ: MinGW UCRT are compatible with MSVC and also use libfoo.a (#12163)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/FAQ.md

   not care what the extension is](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/link-input-files?view=vs-2019),
   so specifying `libfoo.a` instead of `foo.lib` does not change the workflow,
   and is an improvement since it's less ambiguous.

> 1. Projects built with MinGW compiler using UCRT (e.g. MSYS2) are compatible
>    with MSVC and also name their static libraries `libfoo.a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Projects built with MinGW compiler are fully compatible with 
   MSVC as long as they use the same CRT (e.g. UCRT with MSYS2).
   These projects also name their static libraries `libfoo.a`. 
```

Reviewer: Reason for this is that previously MSYS used MSVCRT, and so did Visual Studio. The two were compatible back then too. The incompatibility began with Visual Studio 2015 when MSVC switched to UCRT and MinGW continued with MSVCRT till recently.

Author: Thanks for clarification, I like that phrasing. Updated.

   not care what the extension is](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/link-input-files?view=vs-2019),
   so specifying `libfoo.a` instead of `foo.lib` does not change the workflow,
   and is an improvement since it's less ambiguous.
1. Autotools projects built with MinGW using UCRT are compatible with MSVC and
   also name their static libraries `libfoo.a`. This is the naming convention

>    used by MSYS2, their UCRT libraries are usable with MSVC.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence seems redundant, maybe change "projects built with MinGW" to "projects built with MinGW compilers such as MSYS2"?

Author: Good point, rephrased that a bit.

Author: > I might also raise it up to bullet point number 3

I think that point is internal to Meson, we use the same name on all platforms, which is nice but not really that important. I think I prefer keeping it separate.
